# Inventory Tracking System

## Ruby Version
- ruby "3.0.0"

## System Dependencies
```
bundle install
```

## Database Creation
```
rails db:create
```
## Database Initialization
```
rails db:migrate
rails db:seed
```
## Asset Precompile
```
rails assets:precompile
```
## Application Running
```
rails server
```


## Flow of Execution
1. **Initial Setup**
    + **Server Start:** When you start the Rails server, all the initial configurations, including routes, controllers, models, views, and Stimulus controllers, are loaded.
    + **Client Side:** The client-side JavaScript initializes, setting up Stimulus controllers and enabling Turbo Streams.
2. **User Interacts with the Form**
  * **Adding a New Inventory Item**
    + To add new Inventory Items using a seed file
* **Updating an Existing Inventory Item**
    + **User Action:** The user updates the quantity of an existing inventory item using the form within the inventory item partial.
    + **Form Submission:** The user submits the form by clicking the "Update" button.
3. **Stimulus Controller Handles Form Submission**
    + **Controller Setup:** The form is linked to the Stimulus controller via data attributes (data-controller="inventory-item" and data-action="turbo:submit-end->inventory-item#reset").
    + **Event Listener:** When the form is submitted, the turbo:submit-end event is fired.
    + **Stimulus Controller:** The reset action in the InventoryItemController is triggered by the turbo:submit-end event.
4. **Reset Action in Stimulus Controller**
    + **Success Check:** The reset method in the Stimulus controller checks if the form submission was successful using event.detail.success.
    + **Form Reset:** If the submission was successful, the form is reset using this.element.reset(). This clears the form fields for a new entry.
5. **Rails Controller Handles the Request**
 * **Update Action**
    + **Request Handling:** The update action in InventoryItemsController receives the form data.
    + **Model Update: ** The InventoryItem record is updated with the new quantity.
    + **Broadcast:** After the record is successfully updated, it broadcasts a Turbo Stream to replace the updated item in the inventory list.
6. **Turbo Streams Handle Real-Time Updates**
    + **Broadcasts:** The Turbo Streams generated by the create and update actions are sent to all connected clients.
    + **Client-Side Update:** The client-side Turbo Streams automatically update the inventory list in real-time without needing to refresh the page.
7. **Viewing the Changes**
    + **User Interface:** The user sees the updated inventory list in real-time as items are added or updated.
    + **Form Reset:** After successful form submission, the form fields are reset, ready for a new entry.
